---
layout: post
title: Getting started
description: My first few weeks
---

Well…for starters…this is one of the most interesting and difficult things that I have ever decided to start. By difficult, I mean that it requires me to read, research, study, re-read, study again…without really knowing where to start. I would describe my initial experience to be akin to going to Home Depot, asking one of the team members to help me find a tool (for which I don’t know the name), to perform a function (that I can’t describe), to build a product that I haven’t seen in its completed state.
Okay...I may be exaggerating a bit. But, I have been faced with the humbling reality that there are going to be many times throughout this journey, that I "won't know what I don't know." I suppose that is part of the allure of data science. I have learned some foundational information about data science, why it is useful, how to load, clean, display data, AND make predictions based on large datasets. (Mind you, I learned those things during the pre-course work we had to complete in order to enter the actual program!) I can tell that this is really going to be a commitment. I will have to put in quite a few hours…on top of the scheduled time. But I am definitely looking forward to it.
So far data science is extremely interesting. Of course, it is going to take some getting used to. Much like learning any foreign language, it’ll take practice and context. But I am really excited about the many potential applications for this knowledge.
